Vikash Kumar Pal


  Mobile:+91-9686658705                                      Email: vikash.krp7@gmail.com
                        									
	Career Objective 
                                        To pursue a challenging career in a progressive environment where learning, innovation and creativity are encouraged, where my skill set can be enhanced to their maximum potential to contribute to the overall success and growth of the organization.

	Professional Summary                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
	Having 3.0 years of experience as Android Developer. 
	 Hands of experience in IPC communication using AIDL.
	Hands of experience in Push Notification using GCM.
	Proficient in object-oriented design problem solving,
 Complexity analysis and debugging.
	Sound knowledge in Android Sdk, Eclipse IDE, Web Services, Json, Sqlite database, 
                Activities, Services, Broadcast Receivers UI Designing and etc.
	Expert in the interaction between various devices and different
Versions of Android.
	 Quick learning, implementation and easy adoption to new technologies.
	 Regarded as a self-motivated, well organized team player and dedicated to work.

	Professional Experiance                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      

 Currently working with PlantoGraph Solution Pvt. Ltd, Since Aug 2012 till date. 


	Educational Background                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           

	MCA (Master of Computer Application) Passed from Sathyabama University from Chennai 2011 with 74%.

	Technical Skills                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
	Operating Systems	:    Windows, Linux.
	Language		:  Android, Core Java
	IDE/Tools	            :    Eclipse, Android Studio
	Emulators Used      :  Android SDK Emulator
	Design Patterns      :  Singleton, DAO, Front controller and MVC
	External APIs		:  Global Payment, PayPal.                                 
	Technologies		:  Android SDK 2.2 and Above.
	Database                     :  Android – SQLite.
	Project Details 

Project #1
Title				: SDE Hospitality Application
Client				: Samsung(UK).
Technology		            : Android 3.1 and Above.
Role and Responsibility 	:  Coding, Testing and implementation, UI designing, bug fixing.

  Description			:This application is targeted to hospitality (hotel booking) industry, where the end customers can view the hotels detail they booked for particular location through this application. In this application user can browse through different hotel details. This application has different features such as fetching already booked hotels details, finding hotel location, and hotel check in, add-ons, gallery, extra add-ons advertisement through notification, all share and also managing state of application.

Project #2
Title				: SDE Retail Application
Client				: Samsung (UK).
Technology		            : Android 3.1 and Above.
Role and Responsibility 	: Coding, Testing and implementation, UI designing, bug fixing. 

Description			: This application is targeted to automotive retail industry, where the end customers can purchase the car they wish through this application. In this application user can browse through different car brands. This application has different features such as getting Quote for a car, can see specification, different colors of car, gallery & view 360 degree of the car. User can able to find the nearby showrooms from user’s current location.

Project #3
Title                               : Petoo Restaurant
Client	                            :  Petoo (India)
Technology		        : Android 3.1 and Above.
Role and Responsibility    :  Coding,Testing and implementation, UI designing, bug fixing.

Description			: This is targeted to restaurant industry,  where the end customers can view the items are available in this restaurant. User can place the order and the items will be delivered to their door step using address location.


Project: 4

Title				: FoodToEat.
Client				: FoodToEat.com/E-one Sources (USA).
Technology		            : Google Android 2.2 and Above.
 APIs                                            : Location APIs, Google Map APIs, Restaurant APIs etc.
Role and Responsibility 	: Designing, coding and testing.
Description	: Food to Eat is an online app developed for Android. It is an app developed to search restaurant online and placed order to it. Application is divided in following module.
Search module:    It is used to search restaurant in two different criteria –one is based on “search by distance” and the other is “search by Address & zip code”. When  a  user select  “search by near “ option then all the restaurant within one mile area are populated  on map(including  restaurant which is available for serve)  and  “search by address & zip code” option to  provide address & zip code of that particular area then  list of  restaurant will be available to user to choose. Then user can place order and have two option either pickup or Delivery. User has two options for payment either Cash on delivery or by credit card, For payment gateway we used “Global Pay”.
Account module:  It is used to show personal information of user and details of recent orders. From here we can process the order.
Share module:  In this module information regarding restaurant and cuisine is shared on Twitter, Face book and Mail.

Project: 5
Title				: Foodtoeat for Vendor.
Client				: FoodToEat.com/E-one Sources (USA).
Technology		            : Google Android 2.2 and Above.
APIs                                             : Restaurant APIs etc.
Role and Responsibility 	: Development, implementation, Designing, coding and testing.

Description			: This app is used for the Vendors and Administrator that is based on the Login. With this app the vendor will come to know about the order placed by the customer. Here we will periodically call the server to find the new order. Vendor can keep the history of the order for review.
Role and Responsibility 	: Coding Testing and implementation, UI designing, bug fixing.

	Few More Project                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
	IDF-Group Meeting
	IDF-Loan Inspection
	Personal Details                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         

Name				:	Vikash Kumar Pal
Father’s Name			:	Rajendra Gareri
Date of Birth			:	09-Jan 1987
Nationality				:	Indian
Marital Status			:	Unmarried
Languages Known			:	English and Hindi
	I declare that all statements and particulars contained in this document and any supplementary forms required to be presented with this General Declaration, are complete, exact and true to the best of my knowledge.
 Date:                  
Place: Bangalore.                    				           (Vikash  Kumar Pal)

