RESUME

AGHIL K. P.							(+91) 8861344666
						(+91) 9846264712

CAREER OBJECTIVE
To be part of an organization which gives me an ideal platform to utilize my skills and experience for the growth of the organization and advancement of my career. 
TECHNICAL SKILLS

EXPERIENCE
Aricent, Bangalore

Software Engineer (April 2014  Present) 

Projects and Responsibilities :

Comverse FrontEnd Solution
ComverseONE solution has a componentized, loosely coupled, service oriented and supports enterprise integration with ESB middleware platform solution. Require integration options for Comverse customers to use best of breed CRM solution and other non-Comverse systems to interact with ComverseONE. Comverse BSS and converged solution with ESB framework is expected to reduce costs for customization with increased flexibility for integrating with external applications/systems as well as minimize maintenance costs.

Responsible for development of new features in java code base in ESB layer in Agile Methodology.
Creating Unit test for the services.
Creating services and doing end to end testing with UI and BSS.

Achievements
Adapted to Agile methodology and new technologies and brought good results and appreciations from customer side.
Studied and implemented new technologies for the R&D project.
My Team got recognized by my Manager for adapting to new technologies and learning new things and producing good results.
Individual recognitions for being a good Team Player and for Client first approach.


Comverse Telecom Billing Product
	 
To Design and Implement the Development Request from client for the middleware of the product.
Fixing the defects raised by client or Quality Team.
Running tools such as Hudson and Sonar for finding integrated testing and code violations and generating reports.


TECHNICAL QUALIFICATION
Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering from Government Engineering College, Sreekrishnapuram, Palakkad affiliated to University of Calicut from September 2009 to June 2013 with CGPA 7.7.

ACHIEVEMENTS
Individual Excellence Award by Manager for Client First.
Team Excellence Award by Manager for Great Learner and for Adapting to new Technologies.
Successfully completed 3 months Prism Training at Aricent Nalanda campus.
Topped the district level Mathematics Olympiad and qualified for state level and have won silver medal.

AREA OF INTEREST 
Programming, Data Structures, Algorithms & Puzzles
KEY STRENGTHS
Good qualitative aptitude and eagerness to learn. 
Flexible, Dedicated and Hardworking.
Self-motivation and passion to succeed. 

PERSONAL PROFILE
Date of Birth		: 	9th April, 1991
Nationality		: 	Indian
Passport Number	: 	L 1311109
Languages Known 	: 	English, Malayalam, Hindi, Tamil
Address		: 	Flat 108 A block,
				Sraddha Palmera,
Gear School Road,
Panathur Village,
Kadubeesanahalli
Bangalore, Karnataka
Pin: 560103
DECLARATION
I, hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.

PLACE: Bangalore								 	AGHIL K.P.
