
Nishant Tripathi (Software Developer)

Email : nishanttripa89@gmail.com
Mob   : 9473907308



OBJECTIVE:


Looking forward for a challenging work profile in App Development field.  My
key interests are working on new cutting  edge  technologies,  learning  new
tools, working on new innovative design frameworks and  making  the  overall
App Development process optimized and efficient one.


EXPERIENCE:   1+ Years

. In current Srishti Software Pvt. Ltd. Bangalore (Nov 2015 to Jan 2016).
. ITI Ltd. Bangalore (Aug 2014 to Aug 2015).

TRAINING ATTENDED:

. E-Care Tenologies Pvt. Ltd. Bangalore (Aug 2015 to Nov 2015).
. Genx Technovations Pvt. Ltd. Jaipur (May 2012).


ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION:


 . B.Tech (CS) from NIMS University, Jaipur Rajasthan passed out in 2012.
 . PUC from D.A.V Inter College Mankapur (UP) passed out in 2007.
 . High School from K.V.S Mankapur (UP) passed out in 2005.


TECHNICAL SKILLS:


 . Java                :  Core java, Advance Java (Servlet, JSP, JDBC).
 . Android             :  Android, Android SDK.
 . Technologies        :  XML, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Web Services,  RESTful
   API.
 . Java IDE            :  Eclipse Luna, Android Studio.
 . Database            :  SQL, MySQL, Oracle, SQLLITE.
 . Operating System          :  Windows 2000/NT/XP/7/8.
 . Packages            :  Ms-Office, Adobe Photoshop.

PROJECT DETAILS:

Project #:


Title                  : Super Seva

Operating System       : Windows platform.
Environment      : Android ,Core Java, API, Android Studio/Eclipse



Description:
SuperSeva can handle your incoming and outgoing internal mail, external
mail, legally responsible items and inter-office mail. Besides offering a
fully integrated mail room solution, we also free up your floor space,
slice off your property costs and perk up the security of your
business.SuperSeva Asset Management Services are a comprehensive mix of
technology and human intervention. Our service includes state of art
devices and tools in the hands of well trained personnel to capture the
right and reliable data. SuperSeva offers benefits in the form of an "end
to end" service which validates all help-desk facility work carried out.
Every project benefits from our expertise & distinctive management approach
for our clients: with SuperSeva taking care of your facilities management
needs, your company can focus on its core business.
Roles and responsibilities:

 . Working as a team member to understand the business requirements.
 . Discussing with Management  team,  and  gathered  requirements  and  then
   developed complex workflows which involved application.
 . Involved in Writing the Action Classes and Database function.


Project #:


Title                  : Shop Mart.

Operating System       : Windows platform.
Environment        :   Android   ,Core   Java,Sqlite    Database,    Android
Studio/Eclipse

Description:

This android application contains different categories like Electronics,
Trousers, Food items, Clothes in this way application is designed user can
select items and send the selected data to the server related to the
particular shopping mart. In this application the data of all categories
will generated dynamically by using server and it contains list views to
present the data and we use different modules in this async task and sax
parser. We can use location module in this application it is optional. This
application provides you door delivery features through gateway or cash on
delivery.

Roles and responsibilities:

 . Working as a team member to understand the business requirements.
 . Discussing with Management  team,  and  gathered  requirements  and  then
   developed complex workflows which involved application.
 . Involved in Writing the Action Classes and Database function.


Project# :


Title                                  : Vehicle Management System project.

Operating System       : Windows 7.
Environment      : Core java, JSP, MySql, Eclipse and Apache Tomcat Server.
Description:

Vehicle Management System is developed and customized for  commercial  fleet
owners  and  organizations.  Its  modules  support  most  type  of  vehicles
(passenger, Truck, construction and other commercial  vehicles).  It  really
reduces your vehicles cost while increasing performance  and  dependability.
Track your tax-deductible  business  miles  and  travel  expenses  Eliminate
costly unscheduled maintenance.  Increase  the  resale  value  of  all  your
vehicles. Keep accurate records for any  type  of  vehicle.  Help  you  plan
annual vehicle budgets faster, easier and  more  accurately  Keep  track  of
Party Ledgers Payment Receipt) Keep  track  of  Driver  and  other  employee
ledgers.

Roles and responsibilities:

 . Working as a team member to understand the business requirements.
 . Discussing with Management team, and gathered requirements and then
   developed complex workflows which involved application.
 . Involved in Writing the Action Classes and Database function.

SKILLS AND STRENGTHS:

Quick learner with good analytical and problem solving skills, motivated  to
succeed with the desire to tackle challenging problems
Strong interpersonal and  communication  skills  with  ability  to  maintain
effective working relationships
A result-oriented person prepared to work at any hour of the day.




PERSONAL DETAILS:


Date of Birth          :  25th July 1989
Gender           :  Male
Nationality      :  Indian
Marital Status         :  Single
Languages Known        :  Hindi and English
Hobbies          :  Playing Basketball, listening to music.


DECLARATION:


I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct to my
knowledge.


Date  :
Place                              :                               Bangalore
                    Nishant Tripathi


