Animesh Kumar                                         
Mobile Number: + (91) 8010445409
Email:  

 
Professional Summary


Analytical, Results-driven, innovative Engineering professional with overall experience of 2 years and 4 months of hands-on experience in Software Development, Fiber Execution Engineer. Always looking for innovative new ways to solve complex problems and optimize tasks by creation of various automation.
Strong experience in Developing Android applications. 
Highly motivated and focused with 1.2 years experience in Design and Development of Android applications.
Proficient in Object oriented design, problem solving, complexity analysis and debugging.   
Hands on expertise with Android SDK, Core Java, Activities, Services, Receivers, JSON and REST.
Do look after the product management from several aspects.
Experience in ROR for development and designing of a website. 
Good knowledge of Oracle 10g, Core Java, PL/SQL, SQLite.
Working on scaling android UI across multiple devices.

WORKING EXPERIENCE:

1.	Designation		:	Software Developer
		Organization		:	Shimply.com  eCommerce marketplace.
Experience		:  	July 2014 to Till Date.
Project Name: 		          Shimply App, Web Development .

2.	Designation		:	Android Developer
		Organization		:	Ignitor Technologies, Sec 66, Noida.
Experience		:  	April 2014 to July 2014.
Project Name:                   

Pet Sounds App  A small App containing images of pet along with their sounds.
Balloon Burst  The App display a bunch of images from and after clicks on the balloons.

3.	Designation		:	Fiber Execution Engineer
		Organization		:	 HFCL Infotel Pvt Ltd (Payroll of Aapt Outsourcing ).
Experience		:  	 June 2013 to April 2014.
                        Project Name             :           Reliance Project Vijay (RJIL 4G Project)

 Responsibility:
Looking after MIS and GIS of RJIL 4G.
Carried out fibre laying for backbone fibre connectivity.
Carried out OSP survey for network implementation for fibre connectivity for 4G roll out.
Daily reporting of execution status to execution lead and project manager.

TECHNICAL EXPERTISE

Language		:	C, C++, Core Java
                                                 
Database		:	SQLite, Oracle 10G, MYSQL.
Development Tools   :	Eclipse, IntelliJ IDEA,
Framework                  :              RubyonRails.          
Operating Systems	:           Windows 7, Linux.

                                             
Education:


	TRAINING: 
A three month training in Android Apps development from IT Spark, Noida.
A two month course in J2EE from Interface Software, Bhubaneswar.
A two month course in Core Java from NIIT Berhampur.
	
	PERSONAL DETAILS: 
	

Name          		                                                           :     Animesh Kumar
Date of Birth              		                                             :     10th Feb, 1990
Address  		                                                           :     J 39A, Laxmi Nagar
                                                                                                         New Delhi, 110092.
.
Declaration:

I hereby declare that the above details are true as for the best of my knowledge and I will abide by them.
Date : 02/10/2015                                                                                                             Animesh Kumar

