
Name: - Ansuman Mahapatra
Contact No: - +91 7829379069
Mail-id: - tech.mahapatra@gmail.com 

Professional Experience Details:-
Having 2.9 years of experience in IT industry which is completely aligned with software development specifically on Java/JEE technologies.
Experience in implementing Object Oriented Programming concepts like Collections and Exceptions handling in Software Development.
Extensive experience on web-based applications and development environments using Java, JDBC, Servlet, JSP, Hibernate and Spring framework.
Experience in using JDBC concepts and Hibernate for Database interactions.
Solid experience in java programming and in server side application development with emphasis on JEE Technologies.
Experience in Deploying application using Tomcat, Web Logic server.
Familiar with MVC Architecture and J2EE Design pattern such as Singleton, Factory, Data Access Object.
Sound experience with XML.
Sound fundamentals on database concepts.
Ability to learn new concepts and to adapt to new environments.

Academic Professional Summary:-
M.Tech (C S I) from S.O.A University Odisha in 2013 with 78.70%.
B.Tech (C S E) from B.P.U.T. Odisha in 2010 with 67.60%.

Working Experience:-
Currently working as a Software Engineer in Cybercom Software Systems Ltd
() Bangalore since Jan 2013 to till date.






Technical Skills:-
Programming Language	: Java
Data Base			: Oracle 10g
Enterprise API			: J2EE, Servlet , Jsp
Application Framework	            : Spring 2.5 ,Hibernate 3.0
Web Application		: Html, JavaScript, Xml
IDE				: Eclipse
Web Server			: Tomcat 6
Application Server		: WebLogic Server ,JBoss Server
Operating System		: MS Windows XP/Vista/7

Project Experience, Responsibilities:-
Project#1:

Title				 : HealthCare Optimization System.
Technology			 : J2EE, Spring, Hibernate, Web Services
Java Version		           : Jdk 1.6
Application Server		 : Web Logic
Back end			 : Oracle 10g
Client Side Scripting		 : Html, JavaScript, Css, Ajax
Development Tool		 : JUnit , Maven
IDE				 : Eclipse
Platform		             : Windows
Duration			 : Apr 2014 to till now
Team Size			 : 6
Role				 : Team Member

Description:-

It provides with consulting knowledge, systems that include diagnostic, monitoring and other medical equipment, information technology solutions and entire hospital management systems.
Our solutions ensure that all these devices and systems talk to each other transparently, helping you become more efficient in every aspect of managing the organization.
Responsibilities:-
Involved in understanding and analyzing the requirements, and development of various modules in different releases. Analyzing and solving all technical problem faced by team.
Involved in Business Logic to develop customer services. 
Developing Configuration file and mapping files.
Involved in Bean classes development by using spring framework.
Developing Entity classes of the application to insert, update, delete using hibernate as domain layer classes.
Jsp pages development using Html tags & Jsp tags.
Developing Native SQL Queries and hibernate Queries for retrieval of data from database.
Project#2:

Title				 : Hospital Optimum Process Engine.
Technology			 : J2EE, Spring, Hibernate
Java Version		           : Jdk 1.6
Application Server		 : Web Logic
Back end			 : Oracle 10g
Client Side Scripting		 : Html, JavaScript, Css, Ajax
Development Tool		 : JUnit ,Maven
IDE				 : Eclipse
Platform		             : Windows
Duration			 : Feb 2013 to Mar 2014
Team Size			 : 8
Role				 : Team Member

Description:-

It provides to effectively manage the issue of Health Cards to various users
The purpose is to maintain a centralized database to store all the details and to simplify the access to the required stored information.
Responsibilities:-
Involved in Coding for Web-based Application using J2EE.
Validate input data using JavaScript.
Used Data Access object approach to get data from database by using hibernate framework.
Developing Configuration file and mapping files.
Developing Entity classes of the application to insert, update, delete using hibernate as domain layer classes.
Jsp pages development using html tags, jsp tags.
Developing Native SQL Queries and hibernate Queries for retrieval of data from database.


Declaration:-

I do hereby declare that all the above furnished information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.





Bangalore                                                                                                       Ansuman Mahapatra
