BHUPESH
#2193,17th A Main,5th D Cross 
Kodihalli,Hal 2nd Stage,Bangalore
Cell: 8123502846,8054844045
		Email: bhupesharora00@gmail.com

CURRICULUM VITAE

Career Objective:
To work in a progressive organization which can expand all my knowledge and provided me exciting opportunities to utilize my skills and qualification to produce result fidelity.
Academic Qualification:
Technical Skills:
Programming Languages : C++ , Java & PHP .
Area of Interest : Data Structure &  Data Mining.
Mobile OS : Android
Work Experience:
	Company	:  SRM Research
	Position	:  Member of Research Group	
Research Project:
Title: Hierarchical Agglomerative Clustering using K-Nearest Neighbor and Digraph
Description: Main work of this work is to implement an effective hierarchical agglomerative clustering with the use of k-nearest neighbor and digraph. This proposed method is based k-nearest neighbor and indegree and outdegree, fundamental concepts in graph theory.

Projects:
Title: Discussion Forum in Atiha(SRM university product) for distance learning
Type: Web Application
Description: Discussion forum such that easy for student to collaboration between each other and with teachers.
Title: Puthiya Thalaimurai TV
Type: Android mobile Application
Description: Official Puthiya Thalaimurai News Channel App
Google Play Link: 
Title: PT Indru
Type: Android mobile Application
Description: PTIndruis the first Smart Paper from the house of Puthiyathalaimurai to enable digital users to be updated with the latest online news via audio, video and text.
Google Play Link: 
Title: Multiple Windows in Android Phone
Type: Android Framework 
Description: Customize android framework such that user can see multiple window at same time and user can focus particular app with single tap to that particular app. 
Extra Curricular Activities:                                                           
Qualified GATE exam with 98.7 percentile.
Organize event in UTKANSH 2013.
Interest and Hobbies:                                                           
Play Table Tennis
Traveling

Declaration:                                                           
I here by declare that the information mentioned above is true to the best of my knowledge and I bearing the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.
Date: 										[Bhupesh]
Place: 