E-mail:dineshr93@gmail.com ~ Contact No.:+91-9943302144 ~ Github ids: /dineshr-Android-library, /dineshr93 

Seeking challenging assignments in Software Development with an organisation of high repute 

Dinesh Ravi 

 

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY  

  M.Tech (Computer Science) with 1 year 4 months of experience in Software Development. 
  Currently associated with OneEmpower India Private Limited as Software Engineer. 
  Experience working on Android to J2EE connectivity for data communication (json , xml) 
  Launched one Merchant point of sale app and sold to 3rd party consultant for reselling. 
  Good understanding in web service related stuff in both J2EE and Android. 
  Experience working on Html to Android data and control transfer via java script. 
  Exposure in Software Development involving requirement analysis, feature enhancements, fixing issues. 
  Hands on experience in Web development (using bootstrap). (github id: dineshr93) 
  Team player with good communication, interpersonal and analytical skills with multitasking abilities.  

 

TECHNICAL SKILLS 

Programming Languages   

Scripting Language 

Debugging Tools   

Tools   

 

 

Web Technologies 

Developer/Graphic Tools 

 

 

 

 

 

CAREER PROFILE 

 

 

 

 

 

 

: 

: 

: 

Java, J2EE 

JavaScript 

DDMS, Logcat 

:               Git, Android Emulator, Draw 9-patch, Hierarchy viewer 

: 

: 

HTML, CSS 

Eclipse, Android Studio 

 

 
  OneEmpower India Pvt Limited as Software Developer since 2014 May. 

 

ORGANISATIONAL SCAN  

 

Key Deliverables 
  Feature low level design and implementation. 
  Debugging using DDMS. 
  Fixing the issues on time. 
  Unit Testing. 
  Working in close relation with peers for discussing issues related to functionality and for the suggestions/plans to improve 

the quality of the product. 

  Resolving change requests and defects, documenting, tracking. 

 

Significant Highlights  
  Received Star Performer Award for resolving issues on time. 
  Recognised with awards for completed tasks on time and mentoring team members. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PROJECTS HANDLED 

 

Project 

 

:  Merchant point of sale (MPOS.apk)   

Client      

:  http://www.loyaltyconsulting.co.uk, UK. 

App Details 

:  https://goo.gl/0KqrQl 

Team strength 

:  2 

Project Details 

:  MPOS is a Loyalty app for merchants where they can perform points balance enquiry, redeem, reward for 

each customers they have. The design mockup were provided by them with support restricted only to 7’ inch tablets.  

Challenges            :   Integrating with Custom Bluetooth printer was little bit challenging. 

Responsibilities  : 
o 
o 
o  Written code for exchanging the data to backend server through xml on custom built library. 
o 

Synthesizing the requirement and architecting on database structure required.  

Involved in discussion on design of each activities. 

Integrated with custom bluetooth printer for printing the both customer and merchant receipt.  

Key Highlight     : Delivered the project on Time. 

 

Project 

 

: Integrating backend web service engine with Android. 

Project category   : R & D 

Organization 

: OneEmpower India Pvt Limited 

Team size 

Project Details 

:  1 
: Exporting the POJO jar’s and moving them to Android environment to cater for of their vast dataset.  

 

TRAININGS ATTENDED  

  Deployment of simple web Application in Cloud using AWS, Heroku. 
  Good measures to be taken in handling the time constrained project. 

 

ACADEMICS 

  M.Tech (Computer Science) from Crescent Engineering College in 2014. Secured 75% with Distinction. 
  B.E (Computer Science) from Tagore Engineering College in 2011. Secured 71% with Distinction. 
  12thfrom Vidhya vikas Hr. Sec. Schoolin 2007. Secured 88% 
  10thfrom T. Abdul Wahid Hr. Sec. Schoolin 2005. Secured 82.09% 

 

ACHIEVEMENTS 
  Rated ‘Outstanding’ in overall performance for the period May 2012 to April 2013 
  Accolades from Indian ‚Leprosy Foundation‛ for raising awareness camp and also for resource mobilization 
  Created Technical Blog during Undergraduate: http://dinhacks.blogspot.in 

 

PERSONAL DETAILS 

Date of Birth 

 

 

 

:  

10-05-1990 

 

 

Present Address                                                   :  

Neeladri  Sadan  Apartments,  Manjunatha 

layout,  Murugeshpalaya, 

Languages Known 

 

 

: 

English, Kannada & Tamil. 

Bengaluru, Karnataka 560017. 

