Eldo Mohan
Mob: +919538258284                                              Email:
Bangalore,Karnataka

JOBOBJECTIVE: 	

To obtain a challenging position, pursue growth oriented career and strive hard to learn new developments, knowledge and experience.

SYNOPSIS 	

3.3years of experience in JAVA, J2EE and PL/SQL (working for the product WMOS).WMOS
   is a web based application to automate/manage the day to day activities in a warehouse.

currently associated with Manhattan Associates.

Working knowledge in Java, servlet, JSP, JDBC and PL/SQL.

Knowledge on Weblogic , Jboss ,Tomcat and backend Oracle database accessing using
JDBC

Strong software developing expertise including designing/modeling, programming/coding of server side components.

Strong technical background, interpersonal and project management skills with ability to adapt to new technologies and applications proficiently.

Having knowledge on MVC Framework and JSF technologies.

Contributed in the development fa standardized warehouse management solution for
MATALAN and Primark while working on, JAVA and J2EE and PL/SQL.

Designed and developed web application for DBA team to support DBA operations using MVC architecture, developed with JSP/Servlet programming along with JavaScript ,Ajax and core java.


Effective communicator, strong analytical, problem solving and continuous learning skills.


SKILLSSET 	

JAVA and J2EE , proficient in data structures and algorithms.
JSP , servlets , Javascript , Xhtml, JSF, Springs, Hibernate.
Oracle PL/SQL.



Experience 	


ManhattanAssociates, SoftwareEngineer
July2012totill date
Projects 	






Working in the above mentioned project since March 2013 to October 2015.
Have good experience both in development and designing features as per requirement.
We develop modifications (customizations) based on client requirement on our base product.
I was involved with this project right from its development which includes development in java/J2EE using spring framework and JSF technology.
ORMHibernate.
Have participated on all the phases of software development for this project.







Worked in the above mentioned project since November2012 to March2013.
Was involved during the development phase of these Projects.
Have worked on many Stored Procedure developments for multiple Clients.



ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 	




Preparing objects according to the requirements given by users.
Doing all the technical work related to Java and J2EE application.
Developing and determining best technical solutions.
Working on cost reduction factors.









ACADEMIA 	






STRENGTHS 	

Ability to handle difficult situations well.
Good communication & presentation skills
Good logical and analytical skills.
Self-belief.





PERSONAL DETAILS 	


Date of Birth                                         7th March1990
Age                                                        25
Gender                                                  Male
Nationality                                            Indian
Languages Known                                English, Hindi and Malayalam