
                              Curriculum Vitae
KRATI PARAKH
SF-6, Lotus Krest Phase 3,                                        Mobile
No: +91-9742620625
Kundalahalli, Bangalore                                             Mail
Id: krati.parakh@gmail.com

Work Experience:

Altisource Business Solutions, Bangalore
Presently  I  am  working  with  Altisource  Business  Solutions  Pvt  Ltd.,
Bangalore as Software Engineer. I joined Altisource on 28th July 2014.

Total Experience       : 1 Year 8 months
Current Designation          : Software Engineer

About Altisource Business Solutions :
Altisource provides services to some of the most respected organizations in
their industries, including one of the nation's largest sub-prime
servicers, government agencies and many lenders, servicers, investors,
mortgage bankers, credit unions, financial services companies and hedge
funds across the country. Altisource technology development centre is in
Bangalore, India.


Work experience at Altisource :

In Altisource I am involved in  designing,  developing  and  maintenance  of
applications used by online real estate market  site.  Being  a  fresher,  I
have been getting  exposure  to  lot  of  new  technologies  which  I  enjoy
learning along with implementing in real time. I am  continuously  equipping
myself with good designing, programming skills here.

Technical Skills:

 . Programming languages     : Java, J2EE
 . Web Technologies    : JSP, Servlets, JQuery, Javascript
 . IDE                 : Eclipse
 . Database       : Oracle, MySQL
 . Java Based Frameworks     : Hibernate, Spring, JPA
 . Others              : Junit, Cloudinary, Redis, DbUnit, DS and algotithms

Educational Profile:

|YEAR        |DEGREE & CERTIFICATE      |INSTITUTION           |PERCENTAGE/CGPA |
|2010-2014   |B.Tech, Mechanical        |IIT (BHU), Varanasi   |7.68            |
|            |Engineering               |                      |                |
|2010        |XII                       |Lawrence and Mayo     |86.4            |
|            |                          |Public School, Kota,  |                |
|            |                          |Rajasthan             |                |
|2008        |X                         |Springdales Children  |88.8            |
|            |                          |School, Kota,         |                |
|            |                          |Rajasthan             |                |

Projects:


Backoffice :
Team size  : 4
Role      : Developer
Technology : Spring framework, Hibernate
Backoffice project was started to revamp all the existing functionality
using advanced frameworks such as spring. As part of this project I
evaluated the database design and created different tables, entities and
DAOs based on the requirement. Apart from this I wrote integration testing
for different business layers also.

Image Management :
Team size  : 1
Role      : Design and Development
Technology : Cloudinary API
Cloudinary API provides methods to upload and manage web application
resources on cloud. Image upload, processing, and delivery are done on
Cloudinary's servers and automatically scale for handling high load of
traffic. I build a project for image management at Hubzu using this API.
Every property image uploaded on Hubzu is supposed to have a specific kind
of transformations. The application was designed to take images, transform
them and upload them to cloud, so that they can be directly accessed from
there whenever required. It would improve the end user's experience as it
helps in reducing the load time.

GeoCode Caching

Team size  : 1
Role      : Design and Development
Technology : Spring framework, Hibernate

This project was designed to make use of Redis Cache Service to get the Geo
code data for frequent search on Hubzu. If some key is searched more
frequently, then application stores it in cache and retrieves it from there
on next search rather than hitting google API. This was done to reduce the
number of hits to Google and to reduce the search response time.

MySql Migration

Team size  : 3
Role      : Developer
Technology : Struts, Spring framework, Hibernate, Mysql and Oracle

This project was initiated to move the entire code base from Oracle to
MySql. As part of this team I have changed syntax of hibernate and struts
queries from oracle to MySql taking care of the performance improvement as
well.

WFCDocs Properties Boarding

Team size  : 3
Role      : Design and Development
Technology : Struts, Spring framework, Hibernate, JPA

In Hubzu, we have assets which cannot be listed since there are few missing
documents for them. This project was designed to market those assets on
Hubzu. Excel upload feature was provided in order to list many assets at a
time, which can be later modified through dashboard. These files were later
processed by scheduled modules and the listed properties used to follow the
same life cycle as other properties on Hubzu.

Hubzu

Team size  : 6
Role      : Developer
Technology : Struts, Spring framework, Hibernate

Delta team is responsible to maintain and enhance the existing
functionality of Hubzu. As a part of this team I have worked on many
development tasks, existing issues starting from analysis to implementing
the solution.

Strengths:

    . Excellent Analytical, Logical, Troubleshooting, Programming and
      Communication skills.
    . Participated in various projects at various stages from Conception to
      implementation and Maintenance.
    . Strong dedication towards work to ensure delivery of projects
      according to the schedules.
    . Enthusiastic, confident and energetic team player with an ability to
      learn and quickly adapting to newer technologies.


Personal Details:
Father's Name          : Virendra Kumar Jain
Date of Birth          : 13/11/1992
PAN              : CMOPP2291Q
Marital status         : Single
Nationality      : Indian
Linguistics      : English, Hindi
Permanent Address      : 157-A, Shrinath Puram, Kota, Rajasthan-324010

I hereby declare that the statements made above are true to the best of my
knowledge and belief.


KRATI PARAKH
