
N.Maheshwara Reddy                             *: mahesh.yuvraj@gmail.com
Java Developer
                 (: 09739793700




Professional Experience:

    > Working as Associate Consultant  with Manthan Systems From  July  2015
      to till date.
    > Worked as Senior Software Engineer with AltimetrikIndia Pvt. Ltd. From
      Oct 2014 to May 2015.
    > Worked as Senior Software Engineer with Airvana Networks  India   Pvt.
      Ltd. From Feb 2014 to Sept 2014.
    > Worked as Software  Engineer  with  Sreeven  Infocom  Pvt.  Ltd.  from
      Feb2010 to Feb 2014.


Professional Summary:

    . Around 6 years of experience in Java and J2EE Technologies.
    . Have comprehensive knowledge of web based applications using Java Web
      Technologies.
    . Has comprehensive knowledge and has design and development skills in
               Hibernate 3.0, Spring ,Web Services(SOAP and REST)and Struts
      1.X.
    . Experience with Database server like DB2, Oracle.
    .  Knowledge and understanding of the Software Development Life Cycle,
      software development methodologies and best practices.
    . Has strong communication and team building skills and has the exposure
      to customer IT environments in various projects.
    . Experience in Telecom, E-commerce, Credit and Banking Domains.
    . Working Experience in Web logic , Tomcat Servers.
    . Familiar with MVC Architecture.
    .    Experience with tools like ClearCase, JUnit and MAVEN.




Academics:


      V B.Tech in  Electronics  and  Communications  Engineering  from  S.V
        University.

Project Details:

Product Name                     : OperativeOne
Client                     : Operative media
Domain                     : Digital advertisement
Duration             : July 2015 to Till date
Environment                   :  Spring ,Hibernate  and Mysql
Web Server                         :  Tomcat
Description:
Operative One  is Digital Advertising Management  product, this product  is
used by ad publishers and agencies simplify the business of advertising.
Some of the world's largest and most complex media companies rely on
Operative One.
Operative One and Integration Manager Combo makes Publishers business easy
for creating Salesorders and pushing  the ads into targeted adserver.
OperativeOne manages creation of SOs and Handling the invoices to the
clients or external systems.

Responsibilities:

    .  Understanding  the  operational  requirements  and  working  on   the
      enhancements for the client requirements .
    . Create Sales Order and push into Ad server, generate invoice bill and
      Bug fixing.
    . Writing JUnit Test cases and coverage.
    . Involved in writing and executing UTPs.




Product Name                     : POWERSHIPPING
Client                     : eBay India
Domain                     : e-commerce
Duration             : Oct 2014 to Till date
Environment                   :  Rest Services, Spring Batch and Mysql
Web Server                         :  Tomcat




Description      :
Power Shipping  provides automatic allocation of logistic partner based on
pin codes of buyer and seller.
This system improves the buyer experience by delivering their purchases in
time. In seller perspective reduces burden on seller of shipping the item.
To avail this facility seller has to subscribe to powership  by paying
minimal amount. PS provides insurance coverage  to seller  on shipped item.
This service is also exposed for  tracking  purpose.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
    . Understanding the operational requirements.
    . Responsible for writing the services for seller.
    . Resolving the issues for the sellers.
    . Involved in writing and executing UTPs.
    . Involved in writing the Junits.




Product Name                     : DEVICE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM
Domain                     : Telecom
Duration             : Feb 2014 to Sept 2014
Environment                   :  EJB 3.1, Spring, JPA and Oracle11g
Web Server                         :  Weblogic



Description      :
DEVICE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (DMS) provides automatic device configuration and
Remote device management. DMS is designed with a scalable architecture
capable
Of supporting one million femtocells. DMS enables service providers to
manage
femtocell   deployments   while   leveraging   their   existing   management
infrastructure.
The DMS allows operators to:
. Fully automate device configuration
. Initiate and manage remote software upgrades
. Perform remote diagnostics using collected fault and performance data
DMS includes an Automated Network Planner (ANP) that generates the optimal
configuration for each femtocell and a Device Manager that  controls  device
models
and various interfaces.
The ANP UI provides options to import network specific data and femtocell
factory
data into the ANP database and Scheduler  provides to import Operator data
as complete and auto approaches. Import framework supports to import
factory, bts, zip and service settings. This imported file data contributes
for device configuration parameters.


RESPONSIBILITIES:
    . Understanding the operational requirements.
    . Responsible for writing EJBs and Spring bean classes.
    . Involved in integrating with the XMLDB and EJB-Spring.
    . Involved in writing the Junits.
    . Involved in writing and executing UTPs.

Project Name                     : ONLINE PAY-PURCHASE AND CREDIT
Complaince
Client                                : Macys.
Domain                     : Credit cards
Duration             : Jun 2012 to Jan 2014
Environment                   :  Spring, Hibernate and Oracle 11g
Web Server                         :  Weblogic






Description      :
Macy's is a leading retailer in U.S. Headquartered Cincinnati, Ohio.  Online
purchase and payment  module  involves  credit  bill  payment  using  Macy's
cards. Updating the customer contact information like address, phone  number
and email. providing special offers and gift vouchers during  purchases.  It
helps the customers to place their complaints and feedback through  customer
profiles.
 Macy's provides Prop and co-brand cards  to  the  customers  to  facilitate
their purchases. Application process involves migrating of VISA to AMEX  and
creating new profile for new customers. Macys has tied  up  with  CITI  Bank
for the credit issuing and maintenance .At the  end  of  the  day,  captured
data will be sent to the CITI bank. Customer data will be  captured  through
online forms from POS.


RESPONSIBILITIES:
    . Understanding the business requirements.
    . Responsible for writing Spring Controller classes.
    . Used Spring Tiles and Validation Framework.
    . Responsible for implementing JSPs.
    . Writing Java script for client-side validation.
    . Involved   in developing   DAO classes using Hibernate.
    . Worked with Spring for building loosely coupled components.
    . Interacting with the onsite team and clients for the enhancements.

Project Name                     : SCTBNKWEB
Client                                : Scotia bank.
Domain                     : Banking
Duration             : Oct 2010to May 2012
Environment                   :  Struts, Hibernate, Spring and DB2



Description      :
Web-Banking Module is an Internet  Banking  Application.  It  provides  very
useful features to the bank  customers  who  have  registered  for  Internet
banking facility. It is a free registration facility provided by  the  bank.
Once the customers register  for  online  banking  facility,  they  will  be
provided with a userid and a password to carry out the  online  transactions
in a secure manner.  Some of  the  main  online  Banking  features  include.
Change the Internet Banking Password. Check  the  balance  online.  Updating
the customer contact information  like  address,  phone  number  and  email.
Online transfer of funds to other accounts  of  same  bank  or  other  bank.
Online cheque book order  facility.  Online  service  request  facility.  It
helps the customers to place their service e-request and  track  the  status
online.  Customers  can  get  the  online  statement  of   the   recent   10
transactions made by them.





RESPONSIBILITIES:
    . Responsible for writing Struts Action classes and form bean classes.
    . Used Struts Tiles and Validation Framework.
    . Responsible for implementing JSPs.
    . Writing Java script for client-side validation.
    . Used MAVEN for build process in the development environment.




Project Name                     : Enterprise Middleware System.
Client                                : JP Morgan & Chase
Duration             : Mar 2010 to  Sept2010
Domain               : Banking.
Environment                   :  Core Java, JSP, Struts
Web Server                         : Tomcat



Description      :
EMS, the middleware application, which re  hosts  the  existing  HMS,  which
enables asynchronous communication in the form of  Java  Objects,  XML,  and
fixed length data strings, to backend  COBOL  based  mainframe  applications
and data structures.

EMS is intermediate system that establishes the communication between cross-
plat formed applications, i.e. the  frontend  and  backend  communicate  via
EMS, in order this to be  done  used  combo  of  XML  and  JAVA,  and  these
partners are the core building components of the EMS application.



RESPONSIBILITIES:
    . Developed service definition document for all the services
    . Worked with SAX P and JAX B for parsing and binding
    . Developed Mutator, validator classes for the services
    . Change Requests estimation and implementation.
    . Implementing Code changes, Unit testing.














                                                    (N.MaheshwaraReddy)



