

Navneet Deshmukh


Email: navneet.desh8367@gmail.com


Mobile: +91-8792386843


                                    [pic]

Objective:

               Being enthusiastic competent and result oriented individual,
would like to be part of a reputed organization. Having good knowledge and
experience in developing software components using Java and J2EE
technologies.


Professional Summary:
    . Having 2+ years of experience in software development using Java and
      J2EE technologies.
    . Good knowledge of Object Oriented Programming concepts.
    . Experience in development  of  object-oriented  business  applications
      using Java, JDBC Hibernate and Spring.
    . Having knowledge of Design Patterns  (Factory,  Abstract  Factory  and
      Singleton).
    . Has the motivation to  take  independent  responsibility  as  well  as
      ability to contribute and be a productive team player.
    . Having good programming, problem solving and analytical skills.
    .  Good  team  member,  positive  attitude  and  result  oriented  Self-
      motivated, quick learner, willing to adapt to new challenges.
    . Have strong analytical skills with proficiency in debugging, problem
      solving.
    . Ability to learn and adapt quickly to the emerging new technologies
      and paradigms.
    . Having knowledge of Servlet, JSP, Hibernate, Spring.



Technical Skills:
Language         : Java, SQL
Database         : Oracle 10g
Enterprise Solutions   : JAVA/J2EE (JDBC)
Framework        : Hibernate, Spring
Servers          : Apache Tomcat
IDE and Tools          : Eclipse.
Web Technologies : XML, html.
Operating Systems      : Windows XP, Windows 7
Design Patterns  : Singleton, Factory, Abstract Factory, MVC.



Experience Summary:

Worked at  Zensoft Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Bhopal as Software Engineer Mar
2013 to July 2015 .


Project #1
------------------
Title            : Health Services.
Duration         : July 2014 - May 2015
Role             : Developer
Team Size        : 11
Environment      : Core  Java,  JSP,  Spring,  Hibernate,  Eclipse,  Tomcat,
oracle.






Description: -

                              This  project  mainly  focuses  on  Doctors  &
Patients relation. This software facilitates a doctor to get a  registration
which provides a quick reference of past history related to a  patient  like
his/her symptoms, drug allergies, family history etc. Doctors can  use  this
information for further advices. So doctors will feel simple while  treating
a patient which he already treated before.
                        In this system patient will also facilitate by user-
id and password to get online appointment with a doctor. So no patient  will
suffer for getting an appointment  because  all  information  about  doctors
like his/her available hospital name,  available  time  etc.  If  a  patient
wants appointment for a doctor then he can send a message and can engage.


Responsibilities

       . Designed Jsp's as per the Requirement.
       . Implemented Action Classes.
       . Implemented Form Beans and their Validations.
       . Implemented DAO's with Hibernate.
       . Written Hibernate components.





Project #2
------------------
Title            : Real Estate
Duration         : June 2013 - April 2014
Role             : Developer
Team Size        : 8
Environment      : Java, JSP, Servlet, JDBC, MySql, Tomcat.



Description:

                                Real  Estate  business  partner  operate   a
Portal for its Real state Agencies Operations and customer.  It  deals  with
buying, selling and financing of houses or condos. On this  Portal  you  can
search for a  house  of  your  desired  choice  by  giving  details  of  the
location. One can find Valuable suggestions and guidance in  buying  Houses.
The tools, which are available on this  portal,  help  in  buying.  You  can
choose no. of bedrooms and bathrooms within the budget and there is  a  toll
called Virtual Home Planner, which helps to arrange  furniture  accordingly.
One can enquiry about the neighborhood with the information  available.  One
can  sell  his  property  by  registering  the  property  and   giving   the
testimonials.

Responsibilities:

    . Designing the GUI screens Using JSP.
    . Involved in understanding technical  specifications,  writing  program
      specifications.
    . Responsible for implementing delegate classes.
    . Implemented DAO's.











Educational Background:

    . B.E. from Rajiv Gandhi Technical University Bhopal.


Personal Detail:

      Name             : Navneet Deshmukh
      Father Name      : Manikrao Deshmukh
      Sex              : Male
      Languages Know   : Hindi, English.
      Date of Birth          : 23 Sep, 1990.
      Permanent address     :  Ambedkar  ward,  Betul  road,  Multai,  dist-
   Betul (M.P.)



I hereby solemnly declare that all the statements  made  in  the  above  are
truly correct and  certified  to  the  best  of  my  knowledge  and  belief.



Date                                                                       :
                   Navneet Deshmukh[pic]
