 
 
 
Niranjan Kumar Singh 
Mail: niranjankmr864@gmail.com/niranjans51@yahoo.in  
Phone: (+91)7829152100/ 8431585053 
Vinayak Nagar Murugesh Palya  
Bangalore.-560017 
 

EDUCATION : 
 
B.Tech  
 

      :  

Class 12

th

, CBSE  : 

th

, CBSE  : 

Class 10
 

 

 

 

 

Techno India College of Technology 
Percentage : 84.9% 

Kendriya Vidyalaya Sonepur 
Percentage : 74.2 % 

Kendriya Vidyalaya Sonepur 

Percentage : 83 % 

SUMMARY OF WORK EXPERIENCE 
 

  1.9 years of Experience as a Core ATG developer. Delivered several releases and having a very 

good knowledge and exposure to the Arts technology. 

  Experience in development in ATG, Java & J2EE technologies. 
  Expertise in building E-commerce Applications using ATG Commerce, ATG Dynamo.  
  Experience  in  customizing  Repositories,  Droplets  and  Form  Handlers  components  to  meet  the 

business requirements. 

  Worked  on  product  Catalog  ,  BCC,  UserProfiling,  XMLs,  WEB  Services  ,  HandShake, 

Marshalling and UnMarshalling using JAXB. 

  Good knowledge of Handoff /Handshake with third party system. 
  Deployed BCC and have a good knowledge of BCC and ACC. 
  Having good experience of jQuery,  Javascript, Ajax, Json, CSS, HTML, Using FireBug. 
  Have exposure of SQL and Oracle. 
  Used Ant, winScp, hp Quality Centre, SVN repository and Microsoft Visio. 
  Having Good Experience in understanding Software Development Life Cycles (SDLC). 
  Ability to learn and adopt new technologies in short time. 
  Having good analytical, programming and problem solving skills. 
  Possessing strong analytical skills, a good team player, and independent contributor with good 

problem solving with good leadership qualities. 

  Has the motivation to take independent responsibility as well as ability to contribute and be a 

productive team player. 

 
PROJECTS 
 
Customer  
 
Role  
 
Period 
 
Team Size 

AT&T 

ATG Developer 

26/05/2015 to Present date 

3 Resources(Worked on both front as well as back end) 

 
 
 
Technical Skill  
 

 
Description 

 
 
 
 
Customer  
 

Role  
 

Period 
 

ATG ,Core Java, Repository Handling, XML, Catalog(BCC), Pricing and 
Promotions, WebServices, Marshalling and UnMarshalling, jQuery, Ajax, DSP 
tags, HTML 
The Project (“AT&T Mobile Select”) is introducing new rate plans. In the catalog we are 
creating new rate plan sku  which will be offered to the customer as a grouped component 
i.e. user will buy a single sku (on the rate plan page) which will have included data plan, 
messaging plans, voice plans, night-calling. This project includes customCatalog.xml 
changes in order to accommodate our new rate plans.We have web-services changes as 
we need to pass the SOC code of the rate plan to the third party system, in order to store 
users selected rate plan. 

AT&T 

ATG Developer and as a acting Team Lead 

20/03/2015-26/05/2015 

Team Size 

2 

Technical Skill  
 

 
Description 

 
 
 
Customer  
 

Role  
 

Period 
 

ATG ,Core Java, Repository Handling, XML,DSP Tags, JQuery, JavaScript, Ajax,  
Json, CSS, Scriptlet 

The Project “Login Enhancement” is about providing user the facility of   
providing the security questions at their profile level. For various different types 
of user with different roles can come with their log-id and password, and the 
application will facilitate user to enter their security questions which will be 
available at their profile level. 
Thereafter, these questions will be used as a security check when user forgets his 
id or password. 
In the project there is database Changes, XML changes in the UserProfile XML, 
Components Creation, Ajax calling, Json , Scriplet and Dsp tags are used to 
complete this project. 

AT&T 

ATG Developer and Senior Developer 

20/12/2014 to 20/03/2015 - 3 Months 

Team Size 

3(Senior Developer) 

Technical Skill  
 

ATG ,Core Java, Repository Handling, XML, Javax, Marshelling, Encyprtion, 
Handoff/HandShake, DataBase, Web.Xml , JQuery,HTML 

 
 
 
 
Description 

The Project “EBill” aimed for the users who had registered for the automatic bill 
payment. Like if user registered for the Ebill service then once the monthly bill 
will generated the amount(billed amount) will automatically get deducted from the 
registered credit card/debit card of the user. 
In this project, user will get a mail once the bill will generate in the end of month. 
Mail will have the link to navigate to our site with the necessary parameter/Query 
String and once user logged-in our system. He will be redirected to a third party 
system which will handle all the transaction related to user account. 
So, here Link will have the profile id we will do the validation by accessing user 
profile with given account id in Query string and then after all validations will 
succeed. we will populate the XML, do the marshalling and encrypt the XML and 
then persist it into our DB and then try to make connection over Https with the 
third party given HttpsURL. The XML will have the request Id ,also the 
requested will be appended to the URL(third party URL).Thus, we will do the 
Handshake and if connection fails and response code is not 202/200 we will 
redirect user to our system displaying error message. 
Third party system will access the URL and will hit (i.e. make a call to our 
system) our DB, to access the saved XML and then based on that it will do the 
validations and user payments. 

 
Customer  
 

Role  
 

Period 
 

AT&T 

ATG Developer and Java lead 

20/08/2014-20/12/2014 – 4 Months 

Team Size 

2(Alone Back-end Resource) 

ATG ,Core Java, BCC, Repository Handling, Catalog Changes, Jquery, JavaScript 
, Web Calls 

The Project “Mobile Protection” is basically focused on sort of reminding user all 
the times that mobile protection is important and basically attract them to buy the 
newly launched feature for the users. 
 
In this project, we basically make a third party call to determine whether user is 
eligible for the given Mobile Protection Pack/Mobile Insurance. So, we have to 
make a Web Call in order to determine the eligibility and if User is eligible then 
only the item will be available in the features page when user is purchasing device 
and rate/data plan. On features page it will be mandatory for the user to check the 
“No” option if he is not willing to buy that MPP/MI feature. So, we have to do the 
Catalog changes add the Skuid of MPP/MI in the catalogue. 
We have created a new category for MPP/MI in Business control center (BCC) 
which will have these two as required category this is basically done for code 
scalability, so that if in future client come and say I want some other feature as a 
required too then simply we will add that sku in this category no need to make 
back-end change. 

Technical Skill  
 

 
Description 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Customer  
 

Role  
 

Period 
 

AT&T 

ATG Developer 

14/02/2014-20/08/2014 – 6 Months 

Team Size 

6 

Technical Skill  
 

 
Description 

ATG ,Core Java, Repository Handling, XML, Web Calls, jQuery, JavaScript 

This project “Cross Upgrade” is aimed at providing user ability to come and use someone 
else eligibility who is under the same admin to buy a Device and Rate plan if they are not 
eligible as their contract is not over. In this project the user has a DAR(direct access right) 
i.e a sort of permission by admin . If this dar is enabled for the user and User login, we 
will make a web call to determine whether user is eligible for cross upgrade or not. If they 
have the option to do cross upgrade i.e. use someone else eligibility. Now, when user 
willing to go for cross upgrade, we will make a web call to third party system which will 
give us donors maximum of 25. 
Now, we will make a batch call to third party system (i.e. a web call with 5 request) which 
will give us the eligibility of each donor in the request. Then we will sort the donor’s 
according to their eligibility and we will display to the user to select one of the displayed 
donor’s. 
Now once user selected the donor and completed the flow , on the review page we have 
added one more terms and condition informing user that their eligibility is going to swap 
while using cross upgrade. 
Also, once order is placed we will have to swap the contract of both the users. So, we 
need to trigger mail to both the users i.e. recipient as well as donor to inform them their 
current eligibility. 

 
 

EXTRA  CURRICULAR  ACTIVITIES 
 

  Winner in cluster level Science Exhibition organized by Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan. 



  Participated in U-19 cricket tournament at cluster level.



  Winner in Debate Competition. 



 


SPECIAL INTEREST 


  Playing Cricket, Counter Strike. 
  Watching Movies



 

 
 
 
STRENGTHS 
 

  Self-disciplined/ Self-Motivated/ Ability to work independently and quality conscience.  
  Self-Learning attitude, Sense of Responsibility and Dynamic Team player.  
  Calm, Confident, Committed  
  Exceptional abilities to identify and resolve issues  

 
 

DECLARATION 

 

 
I do hereby declare that the above furnished particular are true and correct to the best of my knowledge 
and belief. 
 

NIRANJAN KUMAR SINGH 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

