 

Page 1 of 2 

Mobile:          +91 8904981611 
Email:      psdmails@gmail.com 

 

 
Pranoy Shankar Dutta 
LinkedIn: in.linkedin.com/in/psdmails 
 
 
 
Objective: 
Proficient at developing algorithm intensive softwares from scratch in a startup environment. 
Experienced  in developing  software  applications  involving  Text  Predictions,  NLP,  Databases, 
Android Apps & Framework.  
 
Experience: 
Current: 
Designation: Software Engineer, Android Apps & Framework 
Company name: Micromax Informatics Ltd. 
Location: Bengaluru 
Working since:  August, 2015 
 
Past: 
Designation: Software Engineer, R&D [June, 2014 - July, 2015] 
Company name: Reverie Language Technologies Pvt. Ltd.   [Bengaluru based startup] 
 
Designation: Software Engineering Intern [January, 2014 - May, 2014] 
Company name: Reverie Language Technologies Pvt. Ltd.   [Bengaluru based startup] 
 
 
Education: 
MCA – Tezpur University, Assam, India – CGPA 8.3/10 – 2014 
BSc in Computer Science – Pragjyotish College, Gauhati University, Guwahati – 75.8% – 2011 
 
Technical Skills 
Languages: 
Areas of interest: 
Tools / Frameworks:  Android SDK, MySQL, SQLite, Git, Gerrit, JUnit, JQuery, Hibernate ORM, EMMA 
 
 
Selected Projects: 
  Custom ROM based on Android platform: 

C, C++, Java, SQL, Shell Script 
Data Structures, Algorithms, Databases, Compilers & Assemblers 

 

Creating a custom ROM (name to be shared in person) where I am involved in the following: 
  Power button feature & UI improvements 
  Notification panel feature & UI improvements 
  Calculator app feature improvements 
  Sound recorder feature improvements 
  Bug fixes in different modules like, File Manager, Messaging, Launcher etc. 
  Overall UI customization using overlay 
  JUnit test cases for some of the new features 
 
Organization:   Micromax Informatics Ltd., Bangalore 
Team Size:  
Duration:   

20 
6 Months 

Page 2 of 2 

 

 

  Next Word Prediction Algorithm Development & Implementation : 

Developed a text prediction algorithm for a multilingual android keypad app which suggests the next 
word as well as the current word (when partial word is typed) that the user is likely to type. It learns 
from the user’s typing behavior and gets better with every word typed. It is designed to give 
grammatically correct predictions for English & 22 Indian languages. 
 
Organization:   Reverie Language Technologies Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore 
Team Size:  
Duration:   
 
 

1 
8 Months 

  Music Lyrics Editor & Synchronizer: 

Developed a web application where users can sync the lyrics with any music, download the synced 
lyrics file (in .LRC format) and also, share the lyrics with other users. When the music is played with 
the lyrics file, it will display the synced lyrics (text) along with the song. 
 
Organization:   Reverie Language Technologies Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore 
Team Size:  
Duration:   

2 
4 Months 

 
 
  RESTful API for public database: 

Developed  a  RESTful  API  where  it  works  as  a  middleware  between  a  public  database  and  the 
users providing the web-browser URL as interaction medium. 
Input: A query with some of the predefined parameters in a prescribed format. 
Output: Record(s) from the database in XML format. 
 
Organization:   Tezpur University  
Team Size:  
Duration:   
 
 

2 
4 Months 

  Video Library Management System: 

Developed a Video Library Management System that manages  all the tasks of Video Library such 
as searching the location of an album (Rack No.), finding the availability of an album, calculate the 
bill amount, summarization/report of daily transactions etc. in an automated way. 

 

Organization:   Pragjyotish College, Gauhati University 
Team Size:  
Duration:   

2 
1 Year (Along with other courses of BSc final year) 

 
 
Personal Vitae: 
Languages known: English, Hindi, Assamese, French (Beginner), German (Beginner) 
Hobbies: Playing cricket & volleyball, Travelling, Cooking, Listening to music, Surfing the net casually  
Gender: Male 
Marital Status: Unmarried 
DOB: 1st March, 1990 
 

----------- 

