 
Rohit Sharma 
 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

E-mail : rohitmca2012@gmail.com 
Mobile : +91-7406654825  
Linkedin, Stackoverflow 

 

Objective: 
                               To seek a challenging position in Software industry that needs innovation, creativity, 
dedication and enable me to continue to work in a challenging and fast paced environment, leveraging 
my current knowledge and fostering creativity with many learning opportunities. 
Summary: 

• Android Application Developer having 2+ years of competitive experience in IT industry 

using Core Java and Android Native SDK. 

• Very good implementation knowledge in Android Application Development & Debugging. 
• Sound knowledge in UI Design on mobile application. 
• Good  programming  knowledge  in  Core  Java,  XML,  JSON,  HTML,  CSS,  JavaScript, 

Servlet, JSP,  MySQL, SQLITE, Rest APIs. 

• Self-initiative and capable to delve into the new leading Technologies. 
• A dedicated team player with good communication, organizational and interpersonal skills. 
• A confident, self motivated, meticulous and quality-oriented individual with an eye for detail. 

Work Experience: 

• Currently  working  as  a  Software  Engineer  with    ABHIMAN  TECHNOLOGIES  PVT. 

LTD. Bangalore (hiree.com) from September 2015 till date.  

• Worked as a Software Development Engineer with  SRISHTI ESDM PVT. LTD. Bangalore 

(srishtiesdm.com) from April 2014 to August 2015.  

• Completed One Year of PG Diploma in Software development IIIT, Bangalore. 
• Completed Master Of Computer Application University Of Jammu. 

Software Exposure: 
 Mobile technology, Object Oriented Programming and Software Development. 

: My SQL, SQlite. 

• Languages known : Java, Java script, CSS, HTML. 
• Database 
• Operating System  : Macintosh, Windows family, Linux & Android. 
•
• Android Libraries : Retrofit, Picasso, Butter Knife, Hugo, Facebook, Twitter, G+,  
                                      Android Design Library, OkHttp, Stetho, AChart, OpenCSV. 

: Android Studio, Eclipse.  

IDE  

 

 

 
PROJECT DETAILS: 

Project - 1: 
Project Title: Hiree Job Seeker App 
Description: Hiree's jobseeker app provides you with all necessary tools to find that better offer, super 
fast. Job seeker app provide registration wherein the active job seeker creates his profile. Jobseeker can 
add, update, delete his details. Capture and upload his selfie resume.   

 

    :  September 2015 till date. 

Duration 
Role & Responsibility : As android developer have designed UI and functionality consuming 
Rest Apis  using  Retrofit.  Implemented  the  video  resume  functionality.  Created  custom  views 
according to the requirement of app. 

Project - 2: 
Project Title: Hiree Recruiter App 
Description: Recruiter app facilitates faster real-time communication between recruiters and candidates 
using WhatsApp, SMS and other mobile communication platforms. The app lets an employer set search 
parameters, filter and sort search results, rate job seekers and securely interact with the candidates. 

 

: October 2015 till date. 

Duration 
Libraries                    : Retrofit, Picasso, Butter Knife, Hugo, Facebook, Twitter, G+,  
                                      Android Design Library, OKHTTP, Stetho. 
Role & Responsibility: As android developer have designed flexible UI which support different 
device types and functionality consuming Rest Apis using Retrofit and other 3rd party libraries.  

Project - 3: 
Project Title: SAMAY Terminal 
Description:  SAMAY Terminal  is  a  Kiosk  Mode  android  application.  It  is  an  attendance  and  visitor 
management system. 

 
 

:  April 2014 to August 2015 
: SQlite 

Duration 
Database  
Role & Responsibility: As android developer have designed UI and functionality using XML 
parsing and HTTP connection. Implemented secure connection between SAMAY terminal and 
Server using HTTPS. 

PROJECT DETAILS: 
Project - 4: 
Project Title: Aadhaar Enabled Micro ATM 
Description: Micro ATM is a Kiosk Mode android application. It will allow customers to perform basic 
financial transactions using only their Aadhaar number and their biometric/OTP as identity proof (along 
with a Bank Identification Number for inter-bank transactions). 

 

 : April 2014 to August 2015 

Duration 
Role & Responsibility: As part of micro ATM team, I have designed UI which supports multiple 
devices and also work on language localization to display Indian local languages. I have done 
location module which will get the current location of the micro ATM device and update to our 

 

server which is required in other modules of application.                                     

Project - 5: 
Project Title: Kirana Terminal 
Description: Kirana Terminal is a  a Kiosk Mode android application. This is terminal for Kirana stores, 
which allows consumers to make       payments through their bank accounts like any other debit card 
payment  and  also  take  out  money.  This  terminal  gives  the  functionalities  of  paying  bills  (electricity, 
water etc.), mobile recharges. This terminal keeps track of daily, weekly and monthly earnings of the 
Kirana store and generates graphical reports. 

 

    : April 2014 to August 2015 

Duration 
Role & Responsibility :According to the requirement and given information, I have designed 
graphical reports to display daily, weekly and monthly earnings of the Kirana store using AChart 
library. I have created the required documents.  

Academic Project: 

Project Title: Spandan Sports Management System  
Description: “Spandan” is event management system specifically designed for managing sports events. 
Sports events require the ability to manage events, the participants in the events, schedules, results, and 
so on. 

 
 
 

Name of organization: IIIT, Bangalore.  
Duration 
Platform 
IDE 
Role & Responsibility: It was academic project in which we were four team members. I was 
leading to the team. I have design the project, then discuss and code under the supervision of our 
professor. 

: January to April 2014 
: JSP, Servlets, HTML5, Android. 
: Eclipse 

 

 

 

 

Academic qualifications: 
MCA

Model Institute of 
Engineering and Technology
GGM  Science  College 
Jammu 

B.SC

HSC

GHSS Akhnoor

SSC

KNHS Patta Khoo

University Of Jammu

University Of Jammu

Jammu & Kashmir State 
Board
Jammu & Kashmir State 
Board

2012

2009

2006

2004

68.23%

60 %

61 %

67 %

Declaration: 
               I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of knowledge. 
     PLACE 
     DATE 

: Bangalore                                                                                                  
:      - 

  -                                                                                                 Signature

