
 Sai Y
 Email: yeluru.sai@gmail.com


 Phone: +91- 8197760741

Summary:

      . Having around 2 years of  experience  in  IT  Industry  as  a  Java
        Developer
      . Hands on experience in J2SE and J2EE (JDBC, Servlet, JSP).
      . Strong Knowledge in J2SE.
      . Experienced in working with Hibernate framework.
      . Experienced in working with Struts framework.
      . Good Knowledge in Spring Framework
      . Good Knowledge in XML (DTD, XSD, SAX,  DOM,  JAXP,  JAXB)  and  Web
        Services.
      . Experienced in using Apache Tomcat Web Server,  Web  Logic  Server,
        Eclipse, and Log4J.
      . Good commitment, result oriented, hard working  with  a  quest  and
        zeal to learn new technologies and undertake challenging tasks

 Professional Experience:
    > Working as a Software Engineer in Ness Technologies.,
      Bangalore since Dec 2013 to till date


Academic Profile:
    > B. Tech in Computer Science and Engineering from J.N.T University,
      Anantapuram.

Programming Languages & Technologies:
      Languages              :  Java, SQL
      J2EE Technologies            :  Servlet, JSP, JDBC
      Application/Web Servers      :  Apache Tomcat, Web logic
      Frameworks             :  Struts, Hibernate
      IDE                                                    :  Eclipse, My
 Eclipse
      Data Base                         :  Oracle, MySQL5.0
      Operating Systems            :  Windows family








Project Profile:

Project #1:

      Title            :  Online Reservation
      Role             :  Java Developer
            App. Environment      :  Java, JSP, Struts, JDBC, Eclipse.
      Team size        :  6


    Description:


                                                          Online reservation
      web application for Hotels, Cars and Airlines. Online Reservation is a
      Service System, which has Clients as its different kind of members and
      Vendors like Hotels, Rental Car and Air ticketing agency. This  System
      has different  modules  like  Reservation,  Campaigning,  and  Payment
      terms, Membership, Waiting List and Commission etc. Online Reservation
      system will allow their members to have  serviced  in  their  specific
      vendors station and collects  payments,  System  has  more  than  four
      payment terms based on their membership type.


Responsibilities:

         V Understand the given requirements provided by the Customer
         V Designed JSP`s as per the Requirement.
         V Implemented Action Classes.
         V Implemented Form Beans and their Validations.
         V Implemented Page layouts using Tiles Framework
         V Developing in creation of Database Connections and getting the
           data from the database using
           JDBC.
         V Based on MVC Architecture.




















Project #2:

      Title            :  Online Health Services
      Role             :  Developer
      Environment            :  Java, JSP, Struts, Hibernate, Eclipse.
      Team size        :  18




    Description:


                             This project  mainly  focuses  on  Doctors   &
      Patients relation.  This  software  facilitates  a  doctor  to  get  a
      registration which provides quick reference of past history related to
      a patient like his/her symptoms, drug allergies, family  history  etc.
      Doctors can use this information for further advices. In  this  system
      patient will also facilitate by user-id and  password  to  get  online
      appointment with a doctor. So no patient will suffer  for  getting  an
      appointment  because  all  information  about  doctors  like   his/her
      available hospital name, available time etc. will be open in  the  web
      for that day. If a patient wants appointment for a doctor then he  can
      send a message and can engage
       Responsibilities:

         V Designed JSP`s as per the Requirement.
         V Implemented Action Classes.
         V Implemented Form Beans and their Validations.
         V Implemented Page layouts using Tiles Framework.
         V Developing in creation of Database Connections and getting the
           data from the database using Hibernate Framework.
         V Developed Java Persistence Classes using Hibernate.
         V Developed Persistence logic by using ORM tool like Hibernate.
         V Based on MVC Architecture.


 Declaration:


      I hereby declare that the above said information is true  and  correct
      to the best of my knowledge and belief.


      Bangalore
                                                         Sai.Y[pic]
