Sandeep Kumar
skrudra12@gmail.com

8712812722

Career Objective
Seeking a challenging software development opportunity in a dynamic environment where innovation, education and sense of ownership are valued and encouraged.

	
Career Summary
B Tech. in Computer Science & Engineering in CSE, One plus years experience in GGK Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Working on Java Environment with Spring and Hibernate.

Key Skills

Technical Expertise: Java, Spring, Hibernate, SQL/XML- DB2, ActiveMQ, HTML.

Professional Experience: One Plus Year

GGK Technologies Pvt. Ltd.

Location: Hyderabad, Telangana
Designation: Associate Software Engineer
Project Name: XXX
Environment: Java, Spring, Hibernate, Websphere.
Team Size: 10
Duration: February 2014 to till date.

Project Details: This is a web application used by health insurance vendor in US. Vendor deals in selling the health insurance in 5 states in US. The application helps vendor from enrollment of a customer to the system till allotting the correspondences. There are many modules of this application out of which main modules are:

RES: Retail Enrollment Service module helps to enroll a customer into the system.
MMS: Member Maintenance Service module is a centralized data base system that contains entire information of the customer once enrolled successfully in RES. 
VFS: Vantage fulfillment service module provides the associated documents to the customer once enrolled successfully in RES.
Billing: Billing module takes care of premiums and claims of the customer.
	
Key responsibilities:
Analyzing and Understanding the SRS (Software Requirement Specification)
Creating scenarios against the SRS and posting questions for clarification
Writing code for the requirements
Writing DB scripts
Unit and Dev Testing
Support for QA/UAT testing
Production support
Providing ad hoc reports/analysis to business

Achievement 
Awarded with Star of the Month award by GGK Technologies Pvt. Ltd

Educational qualifications

*B. Tech in Computer Science & Engineering with 72% from IITT College of Engineering Kala Amb under Himachal Pradesh University with Honors.


Personal Details

Name	Sandeep Kumar
Fathers name	Mr. Kamal Singh
Mothers name	Smt. Sudarshna Devi
Date of birth	18 Sep. 1990
Marital status	Unmarried 
Linguistic proficiency	English, Hindi
Hobbies	Dancing, Listening music,
	Spending time with friends

Declaration:
I hereby declare that all the information, provided is to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Date: 25-09-2015								 Sandeep Kumar
Place: Hyderabad

