
[pic]                                        Sarath Natesan   9035046301 /
sarathnanandh@gmail.com

Objective

To obtain challenging and responsible position in an organization wherein I
contribute to the successful growth of an organization using my abilities
and knowledge. "There is always a better way of doing things" is my belief.

 Education

Completed B.E.Computer Science and Engineering with 8.51CGPAin Sri Eshwar
College of Engineering, Kinathukkadavu during (2010-2014).

Completed HSC with 92.9%in Saraswathi Matriculation Higher Secondary
School, Rasipuram,Namakkal during (2009 - 2010).

Completed SSLC with 89.2%in Saraswathi Matriculation Higher Secondary
School, Rasipuram, Namakkal during (2007 - 2008).

Fields of Interest

Programming concepts (OOPS).

Developing user friendly Android Apps.

Industrial Experience

A great exposure to Android development and a 1 year and 7 months
experience in the same in the company Azuyo Software Research and
Development Private Limited, Bangalore.

Value Added Course

Completed  3  months  training  in   Android   Development   at   GeniusPort
Insititute, WhiteField,Bangalore.

Completed  Oracle  Certified  Java  Professional,  Java  SE6  Programmer  in
January 2013.

Completed Diploma in PHP Certified by CSI, Pollachi.

Training

Undergone Industrial Visit to "UST Global", Cochin.

Underwent In-Plant Training in "DECISIVE ANALYTICAL SOLUTIONS",Bangalore.

Computer Skills

C & C++

Java

Android Development


Project Profile

Octo: An Omni Channel Ticketing Solution System.

Description: It is a smart phone application, which acts as an interface
between the passengers of various transport ways (Railways & Metro) to buy
tickets on the go through online and make the journey much more
comfortable.

On the other hand, it is easy for the transport system to keep track of the
data related to the tickets and other data much more confidential and
secured. Also it is very cost effective, unlike the existing system in case
of Metro solution in terms of tagged coins.

The same system has been developed as a demo product and is proposed to the
Railway CRIS team, which has been approved for a Pilot run by CRIS and is
awaiting the Date and the Route confirmation.

ZULU: A commercial interface app between the offline merchants and the
users.

Description: It is an advertisement application based on Smart phones,
through which the merchants can advertise their products to the users who
are at home by posting Ads along with Offers through the dashboard provided
to them and also the app makes use of 3 modes to deliver the ads to the
users.

GPS based ads

Area based ads

Beacon based ads

GPS based ads: In this mode, when user has switched on the GPS, the ads
along with offers related to the merchants who are nearby the user location
are notified to the user's smart phone devices.

Area based ads: In this mode, the ads along with offers which are related
to the merchants who are nearby the user's address are notified to the
user's smart phone devices.

Beacon based ads: In this mode, beacons (a Bluetooth hardware device which
continuously emits signals) are installed in the Merchants store with which
when the user crosses the beacon, the ads along with the offers of that
particular merchant is notified to the user in their smart phone devices.

Happy Miles : An Image carousal library with a set of multiple users.

Description: It is an Android library, in which different users can login
and browse through the set of image gallery, which are available and then
can view each and every image available under every library and also can
have a zoom view of the images.

Final Year Project: OpenWebAppScan Tool (2014)

Technology: Front End (Java), Back End (MS Access)

Description: In this project we have designed an interface for user of a
website to analyze the security vulnerabilities as per OWASP strategy,
present in the website and also the recommendations to overcome the same.

Co-Curricular Activities

Presented a Paper on "CYBER CRIME" in National Conference [NCWST-2012] held
in PSG College of Arts & Science.
Developed simple android applications like Calculator, GPS friend locator
etc.,
Attended workshop on Python in Kongu Engineering College.
Attended workshop on "Miracles with C", "Software Development Life Cycle"
organized by Sri Eshwar College of Engineering, Coimbatore in February
2013.
Developed a project Attendance Management System and won a 1st prize in
Intra college project expo in September 2012.

Extra-Curricular Activities

As a Chief Steward for creating the world record in the criteria Largest
One Day Art Competition, "Clinic plus Gateway2010".



As a STUDENT COORDINATOR for TECHTRENDZ 2012a National Level Technical
Symposium held in our College.


Team Leader in CSWP (Certified Software Professional) which is a virtual
software organization in Sri Eshwar College of Engineering.
Personal Profile

Father's Name    : Natesan A

Mother's Name  : Manonmani N

Date of Birth       : 04-12-1992

Sex                        : Male

Languages           : Tamil (R/W/S), English (R/W/S)

Strengths             : Self-Motivation, Willingness to learn new things,
Leadership.

Declaration

I hereby declare that all the above furnished details are true to  the  best
of my knowledge and belief

Place : Bangalore

Date                                                                       :
                                                           [Sarath N]






