SMITHA N 

mail2vissmithan@gmail.com 
+91 90351 43528 

 
CAREER OBJECTIVE  To gain a challenging role in the field of Engineering, to work on the new technology 

and practical applications being in a dynamic team, which enhance technical skills 
and fosters professional growth. 

PROFILE  

 

Talented Software Engineer with B.E degree, strong educational background 
and 1.8 years of experience in development, integration, testing and implementation 
of Mobile Software. Articulate and professional communication skills. Productive in 
Team based and self-managed projects, dedicated to up to date industry knowledge 
and IT skills. 
Knowledge and Skill areas: 
-  Software Development Lifecycle.  
-  Universal Plug n Play. 
-  Android Application UI development. 
-  Wireless Communication (GSM, WCDMA, LTE). 
-  Software Engineering, Testing and Troubleshooting. 
-  Scripting, Execution, Problem Analysis and resolution. 

 

 

WORK EXPERIENCE  Software Engineer [Grade 1]  

 

 

            November 2013 – Present 

 

LG Soft India Pvt Ltd.   

PROJECT: Composer UI in LG Email App - Android Application Development. 
-  Have been working on User Interface implementation for LG Email Application. 
-  Responsible for implementing, debugging and profiling the new Product 

requirement Specification in LG Email application. 

-  Responsible for analysing and bug fixing on Android and Java platform. 

 

PROJECT: Universal Plug n Play (UPnP) : Deployment of UDA 2.0 
-  Worked on the technology of network connectivity of intelligent appliances, 

- 

wireless devices, smartphones and PCs. 
Individual responsibility was to provide IPv6 Dual Stack support, implemented 
and verified successfully by UCTT (UPnP Convergence Test Tool). 

-  Client Server model based project with the roots of networking which broadened 

the understanding of IPv6 Socket programming (TCP, UDP). 

-  Understanding and implementation of network protocols such as HTTP, SSDP, 

- 

GENA, SOAP. 
Implementation in C++ on Windows platform, with hands on experience is Visual 
Studio, Wireshark, Intel Device Manager. 

 
PROJECT: Automation Engineering 
-  Worked with Automation Team of Product Validation Group. 
-  Responsible for developing Stress checklist and test cases for every LG mobile. 
-  Develop Memory Stress, Menu-tree scripts for LG smartphones &feature phones. 
-  With the knowledge of tools (ATS, ART, MLMT), Execution of the developed 

scripts, Checking for Device Reliability issues. 

-  Provide root cause analysis of issues and Final Software Approval. 
-  Ensure Quality Assurance of the product. 

TECHNICAL SKILLS 

Programming: 
-  C, C++,Java, Android, Visual C++, MFC (Windows Programming), Git, Windows 

 

 

EDUCATION 
 

 

 

 
 

Socket Programming (IPv4 and IPv6). 

Development Environment: 
-  Visual Studio, Eclipse, Android Studio. 
Tools: 
-  QXDM, Automated Test System (ATS), All Round Testing tool (ART). 
Self-learning: 
-  HTML, CSS, Javascript, XML, Basics of .Net. 
-  Developed Android apps such as Memo , Calculator, Clock and Chat Window. 

 
University Visvesvaraya College of Engineering, Bangalore University. 
Bachelor of Engineering in Electricals and Electronics. 
  One among Ten Toppers of University (80.91%). 
  Selected Candidate for MHRD Central Scholarships. 
Relevant Internship: 
 

Industrial In-plant Training at BHEL EDN - Control equipment, Sub Assembly, 
Semiconductors, Photo-voltaics, Engineering of Product groups. 

Relevant Project works: 
  HVDC prototype of a Homopolar link, at BHEL EDN - Demonstration of a HVDC 

prototype and simulation to realize the benefits.  

  Microcontroller based Automatic Circuit Breaker, at BEL. 

Additional information will be gladly provided on request   

 

 

 

