SUMEDH ANIL TAMBAT
    	 Android application developer	M.Sc(Computer Sci.)

(Exp: 2.11yrs, Rel: 2.11 yrs, CTC: 3.3 Lacs, Exp: 6 Lacs – Negotiable, Notice Period: 2 month)
               
OBJECTIVE	
	Looking for an opportunity to work with great team to build top class product.


Professional Profile	
	Software professional with 2.7 years of experience in analysis, design and development of Android applications.	Expertise in Android application development using Eclipse IDE and Android studio.	Involved in all phases of the project development (Documentation, Design Reviews, Development, unit testing, bug fixing).	Experienced in developing world class consumer internet products and enterprise applications.	Experience working with clients, product team and interacting with different stakeholders.	Team player and eager to learn new things.


	TECHNOLOGIES	
	Languages		:  Java	Mobile platforms	:  Android	Databases		:  SQLite, MySQL.	Development Tools	:  Eclipse IDE, Android studio.	


Education	
	M.Sc(Computer Science)  (2011-2012)	B.Sc(Computer Science) (2007-2010)




WORK EXPERIANCE
	Moovah!: The Moovah! Application is designed to provide an engaging and entertaining experience to taxi commuters in South Africa using the AppAdda box. The app has points base system in which user can get points by viewing ad’s, completing survey and completing profile details. It also enable the commuters to download free and premium content like movie, music, news, apps etc from the box at very high speeds in an offline mode using point based system. Additionally, the users will also be able to view and avail deals and everyday discount coupons, participate in a competition and browse the internet.	            Play store : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.winjit.khooloo	            Team Size : 6	            Company : Winjit Technology Pvt. Ltd, From Oct-2014 To May -2015		Executive Affairs Authority (EAA): EAA is a unique enterprise application which provides single login to two different existing systems.It is fully integrated with Oracle E-business Suite Application & SharePoint. It facilitates the End Users, Managers and Executives, to process various self service requests, notifications and various transactions from oracle & share point system.	            Team size : 7	            Company : Winjit Technology Pvt. Ltd, From May-2014 To Sep -2014		Bowel Cancer Australia : BCA(Bowel Cancer Australia) is an app which provides the latest statistics on bowel cancer in Australia. The app provides information about diet, food guide and lifestyle strategies to reduce your risk of bowel cancer. App has different video’s on bowel cancer to educate user about it. For user, it provides treatment and screening pathways, questions and answers about the diagnosis bowel cancer. App has section to write your own notes. User can also maintain their treatment diary.	Play store : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.princeton.bowelcancer (available     only in Australia).	            Team size : 3	            Company : Winjit Technology Pvt. Ltd, From Nov-2013 To Feb -2014		MyRevlimid : The MyRevlimid app is for patients who have been prescribed REVLIMID® for multiple myeloma. It is designed to make treatment schedules easier to manage and includes features such as medication and appointment reminders, diaries to log treatment results and medical expenses, and informative resources on REVLIMID® and multiple myeloma.	Play store : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.princeton.revlimid (available only in Australia).	            Team size : 2	            Company : Winjit Technology Pvt. Ltd, From Mar-2014 To April -2014				Sathya Sai Baba : Sathya Sai Baba App is a pictures and articles aggregator of Sathya Sai Baba. By registaring to app, user can have access to pictures and stories of Sathya Sai Baba. User can make stories, pictures as a favorites and can share them socially. User can update their details from settings.	            Play store : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sathya.SaiApp	            Team size : 2	            Company : Supra International, From Oct -2012 To Jan -2013		Jesus*Christ  : Jesus*Christ is an application on concept like “God gives you message every day”. It provides notification of Jesus quote on every day to user on pre set time. User can change quote background, foreground color, font style and size, quote time in settings. 	            Play store : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jesus.jesusapp	            Team size : 2	            Company : Supra International, From Jan-2013 To April -2013	


	EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
	Active participation in EQUINOX-2011 the national level quiz for C language also participated in same for PC Shoppe –seminar on computer hardware at KKW College, Nasik.	Organizer of Genesis-10, a college level technical event.	Part of different technical and extracurricular activities conducted in company. 	Take seminar on android application development in K.K.Wagh college, Nashik.	


	INTEREST AND HOBBIES	
	Traveling and Tracking	Meeting people, communicate with them and shopping	Playing and watching Cricket.	Reading newspaper and watching news.	



	PERSONAL DETAILS	
	Date of Birth: 11th September 1989.	Language Known: English, Marathi, Gujrathi, Hindi.	Relationship status: Single.	


	DECLARATION	
	I best of my knowledge hereby declare that all the information stated above is true and complete.		(Sumedh Anil Tambat)	





1
