Viswash Pratap Singh 

Graduate in Information Technology                                                                                                                      Contact Address:                          
Indian of Information Technology, Allahabad                                                                                                       Q107 South City 1,   
Software Developer Engineer at                                                                                                                              Sector 40, Gurgaon,  
PayU India Gurgaon                                                                                                                                                  Haryana India – 211001 
Email: singh.viswash@gmail.com, viswash.singh1@payu.in                                                                   Ph:+91-7532936523, 8587996220 

Objective 

 To utilize my skills in Research and Development, to work in a highly competitive environment to seek new situations, pursue 
adaptability, create exceptional value and maximize my share of experience thus developing a phenomenally successful attitude 
towards living on the edge and become globally in demand. 

Board/university 
IIIT Allahabad 

State Board Uttar 
Pradesh 
State Board Uttar 
Pradesh 

year 
2014 

2009 

%age/cgpi 
8.80(10) 

76.80 

2007 

75.67 

Education 

Degree 
B.Tech (IT)  

School/college 
IIIT Allahabad 

SP Inter College Kolana,Mirzapur 

SP Inter College Kolana,Mirzapur 

Senior secondary 
(class 12th) 
Secondary 
(Class 10th) 

 
 
Areas of Interest 

  Data Structures and Algorithms  

  Programming  in C and C++ 

  Object Oriented Programming 

  Operating Systems 

  Developing Android Applications 

 

Technical Skills 

  Programming Languages: C, C++,Java for Android Application Development  
  Operating Systems: Windows 7, Linux ( Mandriva 2010, Centos 5.5, Ubuntu, Fedora15). 
  Software Experience: Matlab, Microsoft Office, MySQL, Oracle10g, Eclipse, Android Studio. 

 

Personal Skills 

  Excellent logic and problem solving abilities, good verbal and written communication skills, willingness to learn and self 

motivated. 

  Worked both as team leader and member during academic projects and during Internship. 

 

Projects 

  Currently working in PayU India as Software Engineer in Android Application Development Team.  

Implemented new feature to pay bills of external billers as DJB, Adani, BESCOM etc. in PayUmoney App. 

 
  Worked on BESCOM, TSSPDCL Bill Payment application’s payment SDK. 
 

Implemented WebHook, redesigning of profile, DashBoards in PayUmoney Seller Application. 

  Build Wallet only payment mode for integration with external merchant applications. 
  Worked on PayUmoney SDK implementation and integration with external merchant applications. 

 

  Worked at Samsung Research Institute Noida as android application developer in Office TG Team. Worked on SNote and 

Memo Applications. Worked on Adding new features and maintenance of these applications. 

Implemented VoiceMemo feature in Memo Application. 
Implemented ToDo Tasks in Memo Application. 

 
 
  Worked on sharing of Memos across applications and devices. 
  Worked on version upgrade and maintenance of Memo Application from K to L. 
  Worked on version upgrade and maintenance of SNote Application from K to L in NoteActivity Module. 

 

  Added features in SNOTE 3.1 and 4.0 during Internship in Samsung Research Institute Noida in 8th semester major project 

(SNOTE MultiInstance, SideToolBarView and PTEView functionalities). 

  Clothes Invariant Human Gait Analysis for Surveillance Security: Under the guidance of Dr. Pawan Chakraborty in 5th 

semester. 

Achievements 

  Awarded in class X for performance in district UP board high school exam. 
  Getting Merit Cum Means Incentive Award from 1st semester. 
  Got 3rd rank in “Tec fest Programmable” organized by IIT Bombay from Central Zone Indaur. 
  Qualified for ACM-ICPC 2012 and ACM-ICPC 2013 regional for Amritapuri site. 
  Got on the Spot Award for working on PayUmoney Application. 

Interests and Hobbies 

  Coding, Software’s development, Networking.  
  Reading books, novels. 
  Solving mathematical and logical puzzles.  
  Playing cricket. 
  Listening songs. 

 

Declaration 

I hereby declare that the above information is correct to the best of my knowledge. 

